Update Stookwijzer markdown with extra sensors (#30092)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/stookwijzer.markdown

ha_integration_type: service
---

> The Stookwijzer integration queries the [Atlas Leefomgeving Stookwijzer](https://www.atlasleefomgeving.nl/stookwijzer) API for windspeed and air quality index. Based on these values, Stookwijzer advises people not to burn pallets or wood, or not to use the barbecue. This can help prevent health issues for people in the area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Stookwijzer** {% term integration %} queries the [Atlas Leefomgeving Stookwijzer](https://www.atlasleefomgeving.nl/stookwijzer) API for windspeed and air quality index. Based on these values, Stookwijzer advises people not to burn pallets or wood or use barbecues. This can help prevent health issues for people in the area.
```

ha_integration_type: service
---

The Stookwijzer integration queries the [Atlas Leefomgeving Stookwijzer](https://www.atlasleefomgeving.nl/stookwijzer) API for windspeed and air quality index. Based on these values, Stookwijzer advises people not to burn pallets or wood, or not to use the barbecue. This can help prevent health issues for people in the area.

Beside the actual state, the **Stookwijzer** sensor also has forecast attributes.
Both the state and forecast can provide three different levels of recommendations:

- **Code Yellow**: Please note: burning wood causes discomfort and air pollution.
- **Code Orange**: It is recommended not to burn wood now.
- **Code Red**: Do not burn wood now.

Additionally, various sensor and binary sensor entities are provided:

> - **Stookalert**: Binary sensor indicating wether there is a Stookalert in the region or province. This sensor also has forecast attributes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Stookalert**: Binary sensor indicating whether there is a Stookalert in the region or province. This sensor also has forecast attributes.
```
